Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
I HAVE SOMETHING
THE LITTLE GIRL MIGHT
BE LOOKING FOR.
[GASPS]
THAT'S ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON!
LET US MEET TOMORROW
AT THE FOUR STARS OF DESTINY...
THE END WILL BE
DECIDED THERE.
KURIBON, WHAT'S WRONG?
[TRILLS
SOMETHING BAD'S HAPPENING
IN THE SPIRIT WORLD,
ISN'T IT?
BE RIGHT THERE.
Devack: I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU, SIGNER.
WHO ARE YOU!?
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M HERE TO DUEL YOU!
GO CURSED FLARE!
AAH!
HOW PATHETIC.
JUST LIKE YOUR RIDICULOUS
MONSTER, YOU LINGER BEFORE ME,
LOOKING DEFEATED AND MISERABLE.
LISTEN UP!
NO MATTER WHAT
YOU THROW AT ME,
I'M GOING TO
PROTECT LUNA!
I JUST HOPE LEO
CAN PROTECT HIMSELF,
'CAUSE IF HE DOESN'T,
BOTH HE AND LUNA ARE DONE FOR!
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
WAS SEALED IN THE
ROCK MOUNTAIN
AS PART OF ZEMAN
THE APE KING'S CURSE.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO
IS INVADE HIS CASTLE,
DEFEAT HIM
IN AN EPIC BATTLE,
AND BREAK THE POWER
OF HIS MINUS SPELL.
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON...
APPEAR BEFORE ME!
[GASPS]
Luna: HANG ON,
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON...
WE'RE GOING TO SAVE YOU.
OR GET PETRIFIED TRYING.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
AFTER I SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD, LEO,
YOUR SISTER'S NEXT!
THAT'S ONLY
IF YOU CAN BEAT ME!
AND IN CASE THAT DARK
SIGNER BRAIN OF YOURS
DOESN'T WORK TOO WELL,
I'LL REMIND YOU
THAT I GET A
RANDOM EQUIP SPELL
THANKS TO MY DRAGON!
JUST PLEASE BE THE CARD
I NEED TO TAKE OUT
THAT APE KING!
AH!
NOW THAT MONKEY'S
A GONER!
SO YOU THINK ZEMAN'LL
FALL FOR THIS?
YOU BETCHA!
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
THESE WIZARD COSTUMES
GOT US IN THE CASTLE,
BUT I'M NOT SURE
THIS STOLEN STAFF WILL
HELP FREE MY DRAGON!
YOU'VE DONE WELL
TO BRING ME REGULUS.
NOW MY PLAN
CAN BE REALIZED...
ONCE THE BONDS OF THE
FAIRY DRAGON ARE REMOVED,
I'LL USE THE MINUS CURSE
ON HER AND HER LOYAL SERVANT
TO BRING HER POWERS
UNDER MY CONTROL, CORRECT?
UHHHH, YUP!
I SHOULD HOPE SO...
BECAUSE IF THE TWO
OF YOU ARE WRONG,
I WILL SEAL YOU BOTH AWAY
FOR ALL ETERNITY!
WHY SO NEGATIVE?!
THE PLAN'S
GONNA WORK!
IT'S PRACTICALLY
MONKEY-PROOF!
HAVE A BANANA
ALREADY!
IT'S TIME!
LET THE RITUAL BEGIN!
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
WITH THE POWER I POSSESS
I RELEASE YOU
FROM YOUR PRISON!
YES!
ZEMAN'S DOING IT!
HE FELL FOR IT.
NOW LET'S JUST HOPE THE
REST OF OUR PLAN WORKS.
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!
BRING ME REGULUS!
[YELPING]
O GREAT REGULUS,
HEAR MY WORDS!
YOU HATH BEEN SUMMONED
TO THY CHAMBER-NESS THINGEE.
WELL DONE, LUNA.
NOW USE THE STAFF YOU'VE
STOLEN FROM ZEMAN'S SOLDIERS
TO REVERSE YOUR DRAGON'S CURSE,
JUST LIKE YOU DID WITH ME.
I TOLD YOU WE KNEW
WHAT WE WERE DOING!
NOW MY FRIEND HERE IS GOING
TO USE REGULUS TO COMPLETE
THE RITU-WHOOOOAAAA!
[GROANING]
NOW THIS STAFF MIGHT LOOK
LIKE YOURS, BUT, FUNNY STORY,
IT BELONGS TO...
Zeman: WIZARD!
WHAT IS THIS?!
SAY SOMETHING!
SO OK, WE MIGHT'VE
ACCIDENTALLY
STOLEN ONE
OF YOUR STAFFS, BUT...
IT'S NOT LIKE WE WERE
PLANNING ON WIELDING IT
OR ANYTHING.
Soldier B:
HEY!
AAH!
QUICK, STOP HIM!
HE COULD REVERSE
THE DARK CURSE
ON ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
WITH THAT THING!
HE MUST BE CAPTURED!
WHY DON'T WE ALL
JUST CALM DOOOOWWWWWNNNNN!
THAT'S THE GIRL WE SAW
EARLIER IN THE CITY...
THE ONE WITH
THE KURIBON!
SHE'S NOT A WIZARD!
BUT I AM!
HE MAY LOOK YOUNG
BUT HE'S REALLY
POWERFUL!
OH, REALLY?!
WELL, LET'S SEE IF
HE'S POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO HELP YOU ESCAPE.
GET THEM!
[WHOOPING]
[SCREAMING]
NEED A LIFT?!
REGULUS!
[WAILS]
DON'T LET'EM
GET AWAY!
YOU'LL REGRET TOYING WITH ME!
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
I BIND THEE TO THY ROCK!
HOW DO WE SAVE HER
NOW, REGULUS?!
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT;
I'M A CLUMSY OLD MAN!
Regulus: LUNA!
YOU'LL HAVE TO GIVE ME
YOUR STAFF!
BUT WHY?!
IF I GET CLOSE ENOUGH
TO ZEMAN,
HE'LL HAVE TO USE HIS STAFF
TO STOP ME.
WHEN THE TWO STRIKE
EACH OTHER,
THEIR POWER
WILL CANCEL OUT,
AND LIFT THE CURSE
FROM EVERYONE!
THAT'S A BIG IF!
AND SPEAKING OF IF'S,
WHAT IF IT DOESN'T WORK?
IT HAS TO;
OTHERWISE ALL OF THIS
WORLD WILL FALL UNDER
ZEMAN'S CONTROL!
[GASPS]
[GROWLS]
I JAMMED THE DOOR!
YOU'LL BE SAFE!
NOT IF WE HAVE ANYTHING
TO SAY ABOUT IT.
[GASPS]
IT'S TIME I TAKE THE LEASH
OFF MY DRAGON, DEVACK.
NOW IF YOU THOUGHT
HE WAS TOUGH BEFORE,
JUST WAIT TILL
YOU SEE THE UPGRADE
THAT I GIVE
HIS HARDWARE!
FIRST UP, I ADD
THE EQUIP SPELL
DOUBLE TOOL CD!
SO NOT ONLY ARE WE
GOING FULL-ON
PNEUMATIC,
BUT I GET TO ADD
ANOTHER THOUSAND ATTACK
POINTS TO MY BEAST!
ALL THOSE POWER TOOLS
AND NO SAFETY GOGGLES...
YOU SHOULD BE MORE CAREFUL
ESPECIALLY SINCE ALL YOU'VE DONE
IS MATCH THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ZEMAN THE APE KING!
THAT'S WHAT I WAS
HOPING FOR!
NOW ATTACK!
AND GIVE THIS APE KING
THE ROYAL TREATMENT!
[ROARS]
WHAT IS HAPPENING??!!
[SNARLING]
REGULUS!
HE'S DOING IT!
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
I RELEASE YOU FROM YOUR PRISON!
THE DARK CURSE IS BROKEN!!!
[ROARS]
WHAT A WASTED EFFORT.
UNLESS!
THAT'S RIGHT!
YOU FORGOT MY DRAGON
HAS A LITTLE BONUS
WHEN HE'S EQUIPPED:
HE CAN'T BE DESTROYED!
OH!
I'LL PROTECT US!
YOU MAY DESTROY ME REGULUS,
BUT NOT BEFORE I TRANSFER
THE POWER OF THE MINUS CURSE
TO THE DARK SIGNER DEVACK!
[GASP]
[ROAR]
YEEEAAAH!
I'LL JUST TOSS
THAT DOUBLE TOOL CD,
AND POWER TOOL DRAGON
GETS TO HANG AROUND
FOR A LITTLE RR!
NICE MOVE!
NOW THAT DEVACK'S GONE AND LOST
HIS LITTLE MONKEY FRIEND...
LEO'S GOTTEN HIMSELF
INTO MORE TROUBLE.
[DEVACK CHUCKLES]
SO YOU THINK
THAT'S FUNNY?!
YES, I DO!
I ALWAYS FIND IT AMUSING
WHEN A YOUNG DUELIST
WALKS SO WILLINGLY
INTO ONE OF MY TRAPS...
AND WITH THE POWER
OF MY DARK MATTER,
THESE TWO MONSTERS WILL
BE ESCORTING YOU STRAIGHT
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
WHILE YOU KEEP PLAYING
AROUND WITH YOUR GANG
OF GORILLAS,
I'M GONNA
EQUIP MY DRAGON WITH
A POWER CONVERTER.
YOU'RE UP.
[CHUCKLES]
Luna: REGULUS?
TORUNKA?!
WHERE ARE YOU?
I'M HERE, LUNA.
IT LOOKS LIKE OUR LION
FRIEND WAS ABLE TO LIFT
THE CURSE AFTER ALL.
BACK TO MY OLD SELF.
EMPHASIS ON OLD!
IS...
THAT REALLY YOU?!
I TOLD YOU I WAS AN OLD MAN!
YEAH, BUT...
"GRANDPA" OLD?!
YOU'RE...
YOU'RE OLDER THAN
A WRINKLE ON DIRT.
HA HA!
THAT MEANS
IT WORKED!
REGULUS BROKE THE CURSE!
MMM....
Regulus: LUNA!
YOU'RE OK!
THANK YOU, REGULUS,
FOR ALL YOUR HELP.
THE RULE OF ZEMAN
THE APE KING IS NO MORE.
THAT MEANS...
MY ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON IS FREE!
I'M AFRAID PART OF THE CURSE
STILL LIVES LUNA.
WHAT?!
YOUR FRIEND AND
THE OTHER FREE WIZARDS
HAVE REGAINED
THEIR TRUE AGE,
BUT THE CAPTURED
DUEL SPIRITS REMAIN TRAPPED.
ZEMAN TRANSFERRED THE POWER
OF THE CURSE TO DEVACK.
UNTIL HE IS DEFEATED,
THE DUEL SPIRITS
ARE HIS PRISONERS.
IT'S MY TURN LEO.
I DRAW!
AND IT LOOKS LIKE THANKS
ARE IN ORDER
FOR ENABLING ME TO SUMMON
2 MONSTERS TO THE FIELD
LAST ROUND.
WHY'S THAT?!
YOU SEE, I NEED TWO
SACRIFICES TO SUMMON OUT
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!
HA HA!
NOT GOOD!
NOT GOOD IS RIGHT, YUSEI.
OH, NO, IT'S GONNA TAKE ME
AND MY FRIENDS AWAY!
AH!
YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT THAT.
THIS IMMORTAL REQUIRES
A DIFFERENT KIND OF
POWER SOURCE.
ONE THAT EXISTS
IN THE SPIRIT WORLD.
BY THE POWER OF THE DARK
SIGNERS, I SUMMON EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CUSILLU!
WE HAVE TA SAVE LEO!
HOW?!
AAH!
THAT'S DEVACK'S MARK
OF THE MONKEY!
Redulus: IT'S ABSORBING
THE DUEL SPIRITS!
NO!
SOON, THEY'LL ALL
BE GONE, LUNA!
Torunka: WE HAVE TO FIND A WAY
TO STOP THIS!
THAT'S IF THESE EARTHBOUND
IMMORTALS EVEN CAN BE STOPPED!
Devack: WATCH AS ALL
YOUR PATHETIC DUEL SPIRITS
BECOME THE FUEL
FOR YOUR DESTRUCTION!
WITH THEIR ENERGIES,
I CAN SUMMON THE MOST
POWERFUL MONSTER EVER!
AAH!
Duel Runner Computer:
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL CUSILLU
HAS 2800 ATTACK POINTS,
2400 DEFENSE POINTS, AND CAN
ATTACK YOUR OPPONENT DIRECTLY.
OH, COME ON!
WHAT'S WITH THIS GUY
AND THE MONKEYS?!
YA GOT ME.
ALL I KNOW IS
LEO'S GOTTA FIGURE
OUT OUT A WAY TO
TAME THAT BEAST.
BEHOLD MY EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CUSILLU!
THERE'S NOTHING IN YOUR DECK
THAT CAN STOP ITS POWER!
IT'S IMMUNE TO ANY
ATTACKS, TRAPS AND SPELLS
YOU MIGHT THROW ITS WAY!
JUST MY LUCK!
THERE'S ALSO THE
NOT-SO-LITTLE MATTER
OF HIS GRAVEYARD BONUS!
THANKS TO MY
CLOSED FOREST FIELD SPELL,
IT RECEIVES AN EXTRA HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS FOR EVERY
MONSTER IN MY GRAVEYARD.
PERHAPS THE NEXT TIME YOU'LL
THINK TWICE ABOUT TAKING YOUR
SISTER'S PLACE IN A SHADOW DUEL!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
ATTAAAAAACK!!!
HE DOESN'T
HAVE A MONSTER
TO STOP THAT THING!
LEO!
WHO NEEDS A MONSTER...
WHEN YOU'VE GOT THIS!
I TRIGGER MY TRAP CARD
POWER CONVERTER!
SOON AS I SEND IT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
ALL OF MY DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE CONVERTED OVER
TO LIFE POINTS!
THE MOVE MIGHT MAKE HIM
A LITTLE WEEK UNTIL
NEXT ROUND,
BUT AT LEAST THERE
WILL BE A NEXT ROUND!
[PANTING]
AAH!
IF YOU'RE OUT THERE
LUNA, I COULD USE
SOME SISTERLY ADVICE.
IF NOT, I'M DONE FOR!
LEO?
HE NEEDS MY HELP!
YOU SURE?!
HUH?
YOU'VE GOT TO DO
SOMETHING, TORUNKA!
OR WE'LL ALL BE SUCKED
INTO THAT THING!
UNLESS WE CAN FIND A WAY
TO STOP DEVACK,
HE'LL TAKE EACH'N'EVERY
SPIRIT FROM OUR WORLD!
WELL, THEN,
LET'S STOP HIM!
BUT HOW?
LIKE THIS!
I HAVE JUST ENOUGH STRENGTH TO
SEND YOU BACK TO YOUR OWN WORLD!
NOW LISTEN, YOU MUST DEFEAT
THAT DEVACK!
HE'S RIGHT,
MY LITTLE WARRIOR.
SHOULD YOU FAIL,
ALL IS LOST.
I GOTCHA...
NO PRESSURE!
AH!
GOOD LUCK, DEAR CHILD...
LOOK!
HUH? LUNA?!
OH, LEO!
PLEASE TELL ME THAT
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
UH. LUNA...
EVERYTHING'S UNDER CONTROL.
OF COURSE IT IS...
BUT NOW ITS TIME
FOR ME TO HELP YOU.
I'M GOING TO TAKE
OVER YOUR DUEL, OK?
I GUESS I REALLY
LET YOU DOWN, HUH, SIS?
I COULDN'T EVEN WIN ONE
LILTTLE MATCH.
JUST LOOK AT ME...
I'M THE SIDEKICK
WHO CAN'T DO ANYTHING.
EXCEPT BE MY HERO.
HUH?
IT'S TRUE!
NOT... NOT
AS A DUELIST...
BUT AS MY BROTHER!
UH! NOT SO HARD!
YOU'RE SQUEEZING
THE TEARS OUT!
[SOBBING]
Devack: HA HA HA!
I'M GLAD YOU FINALLY
JOINED US, LUNA!
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
HAS BEEN WAITING PATIENTLY.
LET'S DUEL, SIGNER!
OH, WE'LL DUEL, DEVACK.
AND WHEN I GET
THROUGH WITH YOU,
YOU'RE GONNA WISH YOU
NEVER MESSED WITH ANY
OF MY SPIRIT FRIENDS.
WILL I?
DON'T WORRY, LEO.
I PROMISE I'LL BE FINE.
BE CAREFUL OUT THERE!
AS LONG AS HE HAS
THIS FIELD UP,
THAT EARTHBOUND MONKEY IS
PRACTICALLY INVINCIBLE!
I'M NOT WORRIED.
I'M NOT
DOING THIS ALONE...
I'VE GOT YOUR DECK.
YOU KNOW, IT'S KIND
OF LIKE WE'RE DUELING
TOGETHER, ISN'T IT?
I GUESS SO.
BUT IF WE'RE GOING
TO "DUEL TOGETHER,"
I'M STAYING BY YOUR SIDE.
I HOPED YOU WOULD.
NOW LET'S WIN
THIS DUEL!
Yusei: LUNA!
YUSEI, ITS GONNA BE OK.
BE SAFE. HUH?
OH!
AKIZA!
YOUR SIGN!
SO LUNA'S BACK IN THE GAME.
I REALLY HOPE SHE KNOWS
WHAT SHE'S IN FOR!
LET'S ROLL CALL:
LOOKS LIKE I GOT
POWER TOOL DRAGON
ON MY FIELD.
AND YOU GOT A GIANT
TURKEY DAY BALLOON
ON YOURS! HRMPH!
I'M GLAD THAT
YOU CAN MAKE JOKES
AT A TIME LIKE THIS.
IT'S NO FUN TAKING THE SPIRIT
OF SOMEONE WHO'S LOST HOPE.
AND SPEAKING OF SOMEONE
WHO'S LOST HOPE,
IT'S TIME I REINTRODUCE YOU
TO ONE OF YOUR OLDEST FRIENDS!
BUT FIRST I ACTIVATE
THE CURSED PRISON TRAP!
NOW I CAN SUMMON A SYNCHRO
MONSTER OF MY CHOOSING,
AND IT JUST SO HAPPENS
TO BE THE VERY SAME ONE
YOU FAILED TO SAVE
BACK IN THE SPIRIT WORLD!
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
MY PRISONER:
YOUR PRECIOUS
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!!!
SAY HELLO TO YOUR
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER,
DEVACK?!
SHE'S NOT SOME STRAY DOG
YOU CAN LOCK UP IN A CAGE!
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT SHE IS:
A WILD ANIMAL.
AND IF SHE DOESN'T LEARN
TO BEHAVE, I'LL TEAR
HER CARD IN HALF.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
MY TURN!
THANKS TO POWER TOOL
DRAGON'S ABILITY,
I CAN SEARCH MY DECK,
FIND AN EQUIP SPELL,
AND SEND IT TO MY HAND!
AND THIS ONE'S
GOING RIGHT INTO
IMMEDIATE ACTION:
I FORGOT I HAD THAT!
AND NOW, EVEN THOUGH
LUNA CAN'T STOP DEVACK'S
IMMORTAL FROM ATTACKING,
AT LEAST SHE CAN
PROTECT YOUR DRAGON!
SO YOU DON'T HAVE
TO WORRY,
'CAUSE MY SIS ISN'T
GONNA LET ANYTHING
HAPPEN TO YOU,
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, LUNA!
UH.
I JUST HOPE THAT I DON'T
LET THE THREE OF US DOWN.
I THINK I'LL END MY TURN
WITH TWO FACEDOWNS!
A SHIELD
AND A COUPLE FACEDOWNS
DON'T EXACTLY LEAD THE
DARK SIGNERS TO TREMBLE
IN FEAR.
IF THAT'S ALL
YOU CAN OFFER,
I'M AFRAID THE CRIMSON DRAGON
MADE A GRAVE MISTAKE CHOOSING
YOU AS A SIGNER.
PLEASE TELL ME THAT
THEY DIDN'T ENTRUST
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
TO YOU AND A TOY DRAGON!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
AND NOW EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CUSILLU,
SEND THIS PATHETIC SIGNER
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
THIS SIGNER'S
NOT GOING ANYWHERE!
I PLAY THE TRAP
LIMITER REMOVAL,
WHICH DOUBLES THIS
"TOY'S" ATTACK POINTS!
HOW DARE YOU!
[ROAR]
AH!
HUH?
THAT' A GIRL!
UNWISE.
I GUESS YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I GET ANGRY.
IT DOESN'T END WELL
FOR ANYONE.
AND THAT I'M AFRAID
IS TERRIBLE NEWS
FOR BOTH YOU AND
YOUR PRECIOUS ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON, DEAR LUNA.
IF YOU HAVE ANY PARTING WORDS
FOR HER, YOU HAD BETTER SHARE
THEM NOW.
IF NOT, YOU MIGHT WANT
TO SHUT YOUR EYES...
THIS WON'T BE PRETTY!
AH!
OH! ARE YOU OK?
I'M HERE LUNA!
DON'T WORRY, LEO...
IT'S TIME TO TAKE BACK
MY ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
BUT SHE'S IN MY GRAVEYARD!
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I WAS HOPING FOR...
AS LONG AS SHE WAS STUCK
ON YOUR FIELD,
IT WOULD'VE
BEEN IMPOSSIBLE
TO GET HER BACK!
BUT YOU SACRIFICED HER,
MAKING HER A FREE
AGENT...
AND NOW BY PLAYING
RESPECT SYNCHRON,
SHE CAN JOIN MY TEAM!
AND WITH A HEAVY HITTER
LIKE ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON
ON MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
YOU AND YOUR
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
DON'T STAND A CHANCE
OF WINNING THIS DUEL.
THANKS FOR HELPING ME
GET HER BACK!
THIS CANNOT BE!
Duel Runner Computer:
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
IS A LEVEL SEVEN
LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
SYNCHRO MONSTER
WITH 2100 ATTACK POINTS
AND 3000 DEFENSE POINTS.
AH! YOU DID IT!
YOU GOT HER BACK!
MMM.
OH!
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON...
I KEPT MY PROMISE.
THANK YOU, LUNA.
I ASKED YOUR HELP
TO FREE ME
AND YOU RISKED YOUR LIFE
AND YOUR SPIRIT
TO SEE THAT
I WAS DELIVERED
FROM DEVACK'S PRISON.
NOW THAT I AM FREE,
WE CAN BEGIN TO HEAL
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
LOOK AT THAT!
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL!
YA THINK?
YEAH, YOU KNOW,
LIKE "PRETTY..."
FOR A DRAGON.
BUT PRETTY DOESNT WIN
DUELS, I'M AFRAID.
Luna: NORMALLY LIMITER REMOVAL'S
EFFECT WOULD DESTROY MY DRAGON,
BUT IF I SEND CENTRAL
SHIELD TO THE GRAVEYARD,
MY DRAGON DOESN'T HAVE
TO GO ANYWHERE.
LOOKS LIKE THAT'S TWO
DRAGONS TO YOUR NONE!
VERY CLEVER.
BUT EVEN ONE HUNDRED
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGONS
WOULDN'T BE ENOUGH
TO HELP YOU NOW!
NOW LET'S JUST SEE YOU
TRY AND TAKE OUT
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!
FEEL UP TO IT, LEO?
YUP!
LET'S DRAW THAT CARD SIS!
HA!
BUT BEFORE
WE PLAY ANYTHING,
WE ACTIVATE
OUR DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH UPROOTS
YOUR CLOSED FOREST
FIELD SPELL.
NO, YOU WOULDN'T!
TAKE THAT!
[GROANING]
ARGH!
ALL RIGHT, WITH THAT
FIELD SPELL GONE,
DEVACK'S MONKEY
HAS NO SPECIAL
ABILITIES!
HE'S DONE FOR NOW!
BUT I'M NOT,
CAUSE POWER TOOL
DRAGON LETS ME ADD
ANOTHER EQUIP SPELL
STRAIGHT TO MY HAND.
AND NOW THAT I'VE GOT
TWO, I THINK I'LL POWER
UP BOTH MY DRAGONS.
DEVACK!
THIS IS THE END
OF THE LINE FOR
YOU AND YOUR MONKEY.
I'M AFRAID THIS IS THE END
OF NOTHING, LITTLE GIRL.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
LUNA!
[SCREAMING]
AND WHAT DID I TELL YOU!
ALL YOU'VE DONE IS DESTROY
POWER TOOL DRAGON
AND HURT YOURSELF!
TRY READING
THE CARD!
YEAH! HE CAN'T
BE DESTROYED
AS LONG AS HE'S EQUIPPED
WITH ROCKET PILDER,
AND THAT'S NOT THE
CARD'S ONLY BONUS.
YOUR MONSTER LOSES
ATTACK POINTS
FOR EACH OF OUR
POWER TOOL DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS!
[GROAN]
YOU CAN'T!
I'M AFRAID WE CAN,
AND WE DID!
AND NOW, MY FAIRY
DRAGON'S EQUIP SPELL
KICKS IN!
ALL THE LIFE
THAT I JUST LOST WAS
WORTH EVERY POINT.
THANKS TO PAIN
TO POWER,
IT ALL GETS CONVERTED
TO ATTACK POINTS!
I THINK SHE'S STILL MAD
ABOUT BEING LOCKED UP!
AND IT'S FINALLY TIME
FOR HER TO GET
SOME PAYBACK!
WHADDYA THINK
'BOUT THAT?
[ROAR]
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
CHASE THOSE SHADOWS AWAY!
ARGH!
AH...